=Plugins

All Bookie plugins are modules that are dynamically included into Bookie's classes.

==Senders
A sender plugin provides a data source for a Bookie::Sender object.

All sender plugins are stored under <tt>bookie/senders</tt>.

Sender plugins contain the following methods:
[each_job(filename) { |job| ... }]
  Yields each job in the given file
  
  The job object may be of any class, but it must have the following attributes:
  - <tt>user_name</tt>: the name of the user who ran the job
  - <tt>group_name</tt>: the group name of the user who ran the job
  - <tt>start_time</tt>: the job's start time
  - <tt>wall_time</tt>: the job's elapsed wall time
  - <tt>cpu_time</tt>: the job's used CPU time
  - <tt>memory</tt>: the job's used memory (See <tt>memory_stat_type</tt> below.)
  - <tt>exit_code</tt>: the job's exit code
  
  The job class should also include the Bookie::ModelHelpers module or provide an equivalent
  to_model method.

[memory_stat_type()]
  The type of memory statistic that is present in this system's job records
  
  Should be one of :max, :avg, or :unknown

[system_type_name()]
  The name of the system type that jobs from this system will have
  
  For example, the <tt>'standalone'</tt> sender plugin has a <tt>system_type_name</tt>
  of "Standalone".

==Formatters
A formatter plugin takes information from a Bookie::Formatter object and formats it.

All formatter plugins are stored under <tt>bookie/formatters</tt>.

Formatter plugins contain the following methods:
[open(filename)]
  Called at object creation; should be used to open files, etc.

[do_print_summary(field_values)]
  Prints the contents of <tt>field_values</tt>, which is an array of values
  
  The labels for the values can be found in the array Bookie::Formatter::SUMMARY_FIELD_LABELS.
  
[do_print_jobs(jobs)]
  Prints a list of all jobs in the query
  
  To obtain an array of data fields for each job, this method should call
  Bookie::Formatter#fields_for_each_job(jobs), which will yield each job's fields to the
  given block. The labels for these fields are in Bookie::Formatter::DETAILS_FIELD_LABELS.

[do_flush()]
  This method is optional. If the output needs to be flushed somehow after being written,
  the code to do so should be placed here.
