=Command-line utilities

==Standard options
Unless otherwise specified, every tool accepts these options:
- <tt>-c CONFIG_FILE</tt>: specifies a configuration file to use
  - The default location of the configuration file is <tt>/etc/bookie/config.json</tt>.

==<tt>bookie-data</tt>
Retrieves summaries and other data from the database

===Usage
<tt>bookie-data [options]</tt>

In addition to the standard options, the following options are available:
- <tt>-d, --details</tt>: include a list of all jobs in the data set
- <tt>-u, --user NAME</tt>: filter by username
- <tt>-g, --group NAME</tt>: filter by group
- <tt>-s, --system HOSTNAME</tt>: filter by system")
- <tt>-t, --type TYPE</tt>: filter by system type
- <tt>-r, --time BEGIN,END</tt>: filter by a time range
- <tt>-o, --output-file FILENAME</tt>: send formatted output to FILENAME (output format inferred from extension)
  
  The following formats are supported:
  - CSV (*.csv)
  - Microsoft Excel (*.xls)

==<tt>bookie-send</tt>
Sends data to the database and decommissions systems

===Usage
<tt>bookie-send [filename] [options]</tt>

If <tt>filename</tt> is specified, the contents of that file will be sent to the database.

In addition to the standard options, the following options are available:
- <tt>--decommission [HOSTNAME [TIME]]</tt>: Marks the system with the given <tt>hostname</tt>
  as decommissioned by setting its end time to the given <tt>time</tt>. The <tt>hostname</tt>
  and the <tt>time</tt> default to the current system's hostname and the current time, respectively.

A <tt>filename</tt> and/or <tt>--decommission</tt> flag must be provided. Omitting both is
an error.

===Decommissioning systems
Whenever a system is taken off the network, it should be marked in the database as
decommissioned so it is not factored into the calculations for total available resources.
This should also be done when a system's specifications (number of CPUs, etc.) change so
that a new entry with the correct specifications can be generated.

===Memory requirements
Under testing, the memory usage appears to be about 4MB for every 50,000 jobs processed.

==<tt>bookie-create-tables</tt>
Creates and destroys the database tables that the other programs use

In addition to the standard options, the following options are available:
- <tt>--drop</tt>: drops all tables, prompting the use for confirmation first

If the <tt>--drop</tt> argument is not supplied, the tables are created instead.
